today I'm reviewing the ducky shine or
shining it is the DK 900 8's comes in a
variety of switches the cherry Reds
cherry blacks cherry Browns the keyboard
that I have has cherry Browns and its
really the best keyboard I've used in a
long time I've used the dash silent
which is the cherry Browns so to compare
this with the dash I really I really
like this one better not to mention the
fact that it's backlit works Mac PC and
really it's it's a solid you know really
well-built keyboard this is the box that
it comes in not too much on here on the
back it just talks about all the
different you know things that it comes
with the dip switches for different
settings the repeat rate double layered
engraved key caps so you don't have to
worry about these wearing out anytime
soon lockable Windows key which is great
for gaming you can flip the first dip
switch and lock the windows key so you
cannot use it while you're playing your
game you can swap the shift and or I'm
sorry the tab tab and caps lock and for
Mac users you can swap the alt and the
windows key essentially turning the
Windows key into your alt key and your
alt key into your command key this is
great because you can do it on the
keyboard you don't have to worry about
switching it with software included in
the box is obviously the keyboard a
detachable USB cord which makes carrying
the keyboard to land parties or wherever
you're going a lot easier because you
don't have to worry about the core
getting broken you get for you get WASD
in red I've already got it on the
keyboard so I've got the black ones in
here you get a key polar and what's
really nice is you get a ducky a little
felt fake felt bag to put your keyboard
in so that's a really nice addition to
have
they didn't have to put that in there
but it's really nice that it comes with
that so I'm going to get into the review
and let's go ahead and take a look at
this keyboard so what makes the ducky DK
9008 s ducky shining so much better than
all the other keyboards out there well
the reason you purchase this keyboard is
because you want the backlight if you
didn't want the backlight there are many
other keyboards out there that might be
a little bit cheaper that offer the same
build quality the same switches that
you're used to and the same layout but
really what you're buying this keyboard
is for the backlight so to get into it
it has quite a few different modes
there's one function key and you hit the
function key + f9 and what that does is
you can see it illuminates the arrow
keys WASD the spacebar and escape you
hit it one more time and it's lit up
almost the entire keyboard so you get
everything except for the ten key on the
right hit one more time and you get the
full keyboard all the way across this is
on its lowest setting I've got a light
on so you can see that you know the
difference and the final setting is a
little bit pretentious it glows from
lowest to brightest the whole keyboard
there really is no use for this setting
I would never use it but you never know
in a land party if you want to show off
to your friends and show somebody you
know hey look my keyboard gloves I could
see you using that and then back to the
offsetting if you notice the 1x
multiplier is illuminated constantly
there is no way for me to turn that off
I don't know how to turn it off
essentially this is the key repeat rate
so 1x means you hold it down and it
repeats that key one time two times
three times four times so there's a
multiplier ideally I would just set this
in the software it doesn't really work
on the Mac and I haven't figured out how
to work it get it to work on windows so
it's somewhat useless so let's go back
to this is a setting i usually leave it
at the whole keyboard eliminated again
this is lowest brightness so let's turn
it up and setting to setting three
setting for I believe that's the
brightest
that's the brightest so it's it's
extremely bright the keys glow you know
you can you look down at it and next
thing you know you look back up your
your screen and your see your keyboard
ghosting on your eyes it's it's an
incredibly bright if I could go ahead
and turn my lights off you can just get
an idea of how bright it is it is
extremely bright now let's go into you
know typing on this typing on this
keyboard is fantastic it's got cherry
Browns are extremely loud they're not as
loud as the cherry blues or maybe even
cherry Reds but you know I like the
cherry Browns or the nice mix between
gaming and typing typing on the keyboard
is great spacebar is a little bit mushy
compared to what I'm used to and as well
as the shift key shift keys are kind of
mushy compared to you know maybe other
keyboards out there but the space bar is
pretty decent so underneath the keyboard
let's go ahead and flip it over you'll
see we have these dip switches so dip
switch one disables the windows key dip
switch to swaps caps and tab dip switch
three swaps the Windows key with the Alt
key and dip switch for I believe does
nothing but I've switched it up because
I've read that it disables n key role
over allowing it to work with max
it does flip up if you like to have your
keyboard flipped up but it does not flip
up as high as you think I mean it's
really a small amount it's maybe half an
inch quarter of an inch at the stock
height it's it's pretty much perfect so
I would highly suggest this if you're
looking for a mechanical keyboard comes
in a variety of colors this is white and
you can get a variety of switches if you
want cherry blues cherry blacks or
anything like that the ducky DK 900 8's
Mac PC compatible there are a few cons
if you like your brightness setting like
this let me turn it down a little bit
when you reboot you lose that setting so
you have to set it every time you
restart kind of annoying but you know
what are you going to do it's a keyboard
so that's my review of the ducky shining
or ducky shine and thanks for watching